revwrite the continuum page (#1016)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _versions/1.7/guides/topic/continuum.adoc

public interface ElementService {

    @GET
    @Path("/{position}")
    Element getElement(@PathParam("position") int position);
}
----

For each call you are intending to do, add a method and use annotations to describe the behavior.
You can combine the REST Client with the https://quarkus.io/guides/smallrye-fault-tolerance[fault tolerance extension] to handle failure gracefully.
Then, in your resource, just use the `ElementService` interface:

[source, java]
----
@Path("/elem")
public class ElementResource {

    @RestClient
    ElementService elements;

    @GET
    @Path("/{position}")
    public Element name(@PathParam("position") int position) {
        return elements.getElement(position);
    }
}
----

But you may be wondering where the URL is configured as it's not in the code.
Remember, it must not be hard-coded because the URL likely depends on the environment.
The URL is configured in the application configuration:

[source, text]
----
element-service/mp-rest/url=http://localhost:9001
----

The URL can now be updated during the deployment or at launch time using system properties or environment variables.

Quarkus is not limited to HTTP.

> You can use https://quarkus.io/guides/grpc-getting-started[gRPC] or https://quarkus.io/guides/smallrye-graphql[GraphQL], two prominent players in the microservice space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use https://quarkus.io/guides/grpc-getting-started[gRPC] or https://quarkus.io/guides/smallrye-graphql[GraphQL], two prominent alternatives in the microservice space. 
```

== Being reactive

Application requirements have changed drastically over the last few years. 

> For any application to succeed in the era of cloud computing, big data, or IoT, going reactive is increasingly becoming the architecture style to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any application to succeed in the era of cloud computing, Big Data, or IoT, going reactive is increasingly becoming the architecture style to follow.
```

> Today’s users embrace applications with milliseconds of response time, 100% uptime, lower latency, push data instead of pull, higher throughput, and elasticity. However, these features are nearly impossible to achieve by using yesterday’s software architecture without a considerable investment in resources, infrastructure, and tooling. The world changed, and having dozens of servers, long response times (> 500 ms), downtime due to maintenance or waterfalls of failures does not meet the expected user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today’s users embrace applications with milliseconds of response time, 100% uptime, lower latency, push data instead of pull, higher throughput, and elasticity. However, these features are nearly impossible to achieve using yesterday’s software architecture without a considerable investment in resources, infrastructure, and tooling. The world changed, and having dozens of servers, long response times (> 500 ms), downtime due to maintenance or waterfalls of failures does not meet the expected user experience.
```

image::../../guides/images/reactive-microservice.png[alt=Reactive Microservice, align=center]

> Quarkus stands with you on your path to reactive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus aids you on your journey to reactive. 
```

    return elements.getElement(position)
        .onFailure().recoverWithItem(FALLBACK);
}
----

Thanks to the https://quarkus.io/version/main/guides/mutiny-primer[Mutiny Reactive API] , you can compose asynchronous operations and complete the result when everything is done without blocking the I/O threads.
This greatly improves resource consumption and elasticity.
Most Quarkus APIs are available in both imperative and reactive. 
As example, you can use the reactive version of the REST Client:

[source, java]
----
@Path("/elements")
@RegisterRestClient(configKey="element-service")
public interface ElementService {

    @GET
    @Path("/{position}")
    Uni<Element> getElement(@PathParam("position") int position);
}
----

But, what about streams?
Generating a _server-sent event_ response with Quarkus is just as simple:

[source, java]
----
@Produces(MediaType.SERVER_SENT_EVENTS)
@GET
@Path("/events")
public Multi<String> stream() {
    return kafka.toMulti();
}
----

== Event-driven Architectures

However, HTTP characteristics prohibit implementing https://www.reactivemanifesto.org/[reactive systems], where all the components interact using asynchronous messages passing.

> But no worries, Quarkus is perfectly suited to implement event-driven microservices and reactive systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But there is no cause for concern as Quarkus is perfectly suited to implement event-driven microservices and reactive systems.
```

----
@Incoming("health")
@Outgoing("output")
public Multi<Record<String, Measure> filterState(Multi<Capture> input) {
    return input
        .drop().repetitions()
        .select().where(capture -> capture.value > 0)
        .onItem().transform(capture -> new Measure(capture.sensor, capture.value, capture.unit))    
        .onItem().transform(measure -> Record.of(measure.sensor, measure));
}
----

As for the reactive APIs exposed by Quarkus, stream manipulation uses the Mutiny API.

== Functions as a Service and Serverless

Thanks to their stellar startup time and low memory usage, you can implement functions using Quarkus to be used in serverless environments.

> Quarkus provides Funqy, an approach to write functions deployable to various FaaS environments like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Knative, and Knative Events (Cloud Events). It is also usable as a standalone service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus provides Funqy, an approach to writing functions that are deployable to various FaaS environments like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Knative, and Knative Events (Cloud Events). It is also usable as a standalone service.
```
